Improve contributing (#5)
php-kafka/php-kafka.github.io: README.md

# Documentation of php-kafka
This is the documentation repository of [php-kafka/php-kafka](https://github.com/php-kafka/php-kafka).  
See the live documentation at [https://php-kafka.github.io](https://php-kafka.github.io).  
The documentation is built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/documentation/).

> # Contributing
>  Clone this repository.
> ```bash
> git@github.com:php-kafka/php-kafka.github.io.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Contributing
 Clone this repository and make the necessary changes
```bash
git@github.com:php-kafka/php-kafka.github.io.git
```
Run the Hugo docker image, to see your changes
```bash
docker-compose up 
```
Visit `http://localhost:1313` in your browser.  
```

# Documentation of php-kafka

> This is the documentation repository of [php-kafka/php-kafka](https://github.com/php-kafka/php-kafka).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the documentation repository of [php-kafka/php-kafka](https://github.com/php-kafka/php-kafka).  
```

> 
> See live docs at [https://php-kafka.github.io](https://php-kafka.github.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the live documentation at [https://php-kafka.github.io](https://php-kafka.github.io).  
```

> 
> This docs are built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/documentation/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is built with [Hugo](https://gohugo.io/documentation/).
```

# Contributing

> 
> 
> - Clone this repository.
> 
> ```bash
> git@github.com:php-kafka/php-kafka.github.io.git
> ```
> 
> - Run Hugo docker image.
> 
> ```bash
> docker-compose up 
> ```
> 
> - Then access http://localhost:1313  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Clone this repository.
```bash
git@github.com:php-kafka/php-kafka.github.io.git
```
Run Hugo docker image
```bash
docker-compose up 
```
Access `http://localhost:1313` in your browser  
```
